COMPSCI 476 Git Collaboration Lab This lab will let you collaborate with other students on a simple Java program.  You will form a team of 4-5 people and create a git repository.  You may name it ZombieWar.  Then download the files from D2L and put them into the repository.  The owner of the repository will need to add each team member as a collaborator for the repository.The code:
A virus has infected people and turned them into zombies.  There are a few survivors that must make it to a safe place without getting killed by the zombies. There are different types of zombies:  Common Infected, predator and Tank.  A common infected zombie is weak and does little damage.  Predator is not as strong as tank but stronger than a common infected. Tank on the other can do a lot of damage and can take a lot of attack before it dies.  The types of survivors include:  soldier, teacher, student, and child.  A soldier is strong and can do serious damage while a teacher or a child does little damage.  Student does more damage than a child but weaker than a teacher.  Since a child is so weak, he or she usually does not survive the escape. You are provided with the necessary interfaces and two of the characters (solider, tank) to help you get start.  You will have to add the other characters. Then write the driver that randomly generates an array of survivors and zombies.  Make each survivor attack every zombie.  Next, make each zombie attack every survivor.  Repeat until all zombie or all survivors are dead.  Then print a report of how many survivors made it to safety.  A dead survivor or a dead zombie should not attack.  Releases (tags):You program will go through two releases.  The first one only states how many survivors escaped.  Release 2 will displays which character killed which character.   In Release 2, each character has a unique ID, which is the type of the character and a int that is unique among that type of character.   Use tag to label your revision as release 1 and release 2.Release 1:We have 17 survivors trying to make it to safety.But there are 8 zombies waiting for them.It seems 6 have made it to safety.Release 2:  We have 5 survivors trying to make it to safety (0 children, 3 teachers, 2 soldiers)But there are 9 zombies waiting for them (2 common infected, 7 tanks) 	Soldier 1 killed CommonInfected 0	Soldier 1 killed CommonInfected 1	Tank 2 killed Teacher 0	Tank 2 killed Teacher 1	Tank 2 killed Teacher 2	Tank 4 killed Soldier 0	Tank 4 killed Soldier 1None of the survivors made it.